README.md, before:

![GitHub release (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/jaanonim/obsidian-youversion-linker?style=for-the-badge&sort=semver) ![Obsidian Downloads](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?logo=obsidian&color=%23483699&label=downloads&query=%24%5B%22youversion-linker%22%5D.downloads&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fobsidianmd%2Fobsidian-releases%2Fmaster%2Fcommunity-plugin-stats.json&style=for-the-badge)

# Obsidian YouVersion Linker Plugin

**Automatically link bible verses in your notes to YouVersion bible.**

**List of supported languages can be found [here](./Languages.md).**

You need to just type for example: `@ John 1:1-6`.
`@` char is a trigger for suggestion and it can be changed in settings.

I'm from Poland so plugin supports polish books names (eq. `J 1:1-6`, `Mt 24,1`). If you would like it to support your language books names feel free to make PR (you need to create json in `data/books` and add it in `src/Books.ts`).

**New future 🎉** <br>
Preview of verse after hover over the link.

The plugins is heavily inspired by [obsidian-bible-reference](https://github.com/tim-hub/obsidian-bible-reference) (also i have "borrowed" some code from there) so check it out.

It's available in Obsidian community plugins as
[YouVersion Linker](https://obsidian.md/plugins?id=youversion-linker).

Commit message:

adding guide for adding languages

README.md, after:

![GitHub release (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/jaanonim/obsidian-youversion-linker?style=for-the-badge&sort=semver) ![Obsidian Downloads](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?logo=obsidian&color=%23483699&label=downloads&query=%24%5B%22youversion-linker%22%5D.downloads&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fobsidianmd%2Fobsidian-releases%2Fmaster%2Fcommunity-plugin-stats.json&style=for-the-badge)

# Obsidian YouVersion Linker Plugin

**Automatically link bible verses in your notes to YouVersion bible.**

**List of supported languages can be found [here](./Languages.md).**

You need to just type for example: `@ John 1:1-6`.
`@` char is a trigger for suggestion and it can be changed in settings.

I'm from Poland so plugin supports polish books names (eq. `J 1:1-6`, `Mt 24,1`). If you would like it to support your language books names read the guide in [Languages.md](./Languages.md).

**New future 🎉** <br>
Preview of verse after hover over the link.

The plugins is heavily inspired by [obsidian-bible-reference](https://github.com/tim-hub/obsidian-bible-reference) (also i have "borrowed" some code from there) so check it out.

It's available in Obsidian community plugins as
[YouVersion Linker](https://obsidian.md/plugins?id=youversion-linker).
